Oh
my full name don't tell anyone it's a
secret and you better not tease because
I will be very upset my full name is
Barbara krystal jean Nakamura a job and
my stage name is Jack princess because
I'm a princess of jaw and that's about
it but just call me crystal
a wonderful more than a million I'm from
all over who lived in il Hill City white
and I kaneohe Kahaluu for a little while
but currently I reside in the lake of
salt something like 6 8 18 across the
sky we saw it so hot i graduated from
Kamehameha Schools kapalama campus in
2001 ymore warriors i joined the hot
rain man in 2003 and I originally
started as a keyboardist and lately it's
nicer down have to carry keyboards
anymore so I just say I currently teach
elementary music at Kamehameha Schools
kapalama campus and I'm a full-time
mommy and a full-time away that's
probably one of the hardest chance
even when you're not around wait I'm the
only girl in the bag there's dirt it's
full of girls um it's cool it's fun but
it's very interesting the boys they play
with in the band are interesting they're
crazy and I see some really crazy stuff
that girls really should have never ever
seen but i do but it's fun and we have
fun they're all like brothers to me like
to pick one baseball handle that's why
always I'm very happy with the results
taking so long that after a while just
like let's get this thing out but I'm
happy we put a lot of work into it
I believe we've come far from when we
first started and from where we are now
so I'm happy with it and happy excited
to see what we're going to do next love
sweet my favorite track on the album
would be get together because it's it's
a nice cruise chill song to listen to
and I and I just love the message of it
talking about peace and unity in love
and being one together so that's my
favorite track on the Dom be bums get it
in a slight pick up your love I'm the
hope and I pray we could again
I hope a nap really cool again I hoping
I'm pretty good i hope and a free week